# CS-340
*How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
  *Break the code into small, self-contained modules or functions that hand each specific responsibility. For example the CRUD Module, you can seperate the code into Create, READ, UPDATE and DELETE operations into seperate functions or classes. This modularity makes sure that each part of the system is easy to modify, test and even debug. 

*How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
  *I personally like to start off with the end goal, then making sure to go over all requirments that lead to that end goal, then think about the steps to get those requirements done and then in the end once all the requirments are met we have the end goal of the project while staying focused on completing all requirments. 

*What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
  *Computer Scientists see a challange, analyize the challange and then test their own solution for said challange. This allows for developers to create quality software that clients are happy with. I feel like that is all what coding is. Finding a problem and trying to problem solve and experiment differnt ways to fix said problem. All while doing this learning and adapting to different styles of coding and critical thinking. My work for this class and for this last project would allow the client Grazioso better access to the informaiton they need in a more convenient way. 
